1. Term. This Agreement shall be effective as of the Effective Date and shall have
an initial term of ____ (__) months. Upon the expiration of such term (or any renewal
term), this Agreement shall automatically renew for additional ______ (__) month
periods unless either party notifies the other party at least thirty (30) days prior to the
applicable renewal date of its intention not to renew the Agreement (the initial term and
any renewal term shall be collectively referred to as the "Term").
2. Appointment of Vendor.
2.1 Grant to Vendor. Subject to all the terms and conditions of this Agreement
and the limitations set forth below, the Company hereby grants permission to Vendor to
install Vending Machines at the Locations as set forth in Exhibit A [and all future
locations that will be designated by Company.]
The Company agrees that it does not currently, and will not through the Term of
this Agreement, represent, distribute or promote any other vending machines featuring
[DESCRIBE PRODUCTS] that compete with Vendor’s Vending Machines at the
Locations. The Company hereby grants Vendor exclusive rights to installing and selling
such [DESCRIBE PRODUCTS] at both the Locations.
2.2 Ownership. Company hereby acknowledges that all right, title and interest
in Vending Machines shall at all times remain that of the Vendor, including all monetary
profits (with the exception of Company Payment) with respect to Vending Machines.
Company shall have no right, title, or interest therein, and Company is not authorized to 
grant any right or license with respect thereto except as expressly set forth in and
permitted under this Agreement.
2.3 Theft and Vandalism. Company shall take all reasonable precautions to
assure that the Vending Machine(s) are not vandalized, damaged or manipulated in any
way. Should theft of the products contained in the Vending Machine(s) or vandalism to
the Vending Machines itself occur the Company shall notify Vendor as soon as
practicable. In the event that theft and/or vandalism continues Vendor reserves the right
to remove the Vending Machine(s) without notice and without penalty, loss or default
under this Agreement. All other Locations shall remain active.
3. Vendor’s Obligations. Vendor shall use its commercially reasonable efforts to
install, regularly service and properly maintain Vending Machines to Company at the
Locations. [Vendor shall install Vending Machines as soon as reasonably possible].